[Yhwach] The confined
Quincy King
regains his pulse
after 900 years,
his mind after 90 years,
his strength
after nine years,
and finally-
(Yhwach chuckles)
(alarm wailing)
[Mayuri] What is the
Sutra Scale at now?
[Akon] Category four,
it's getting serious.
[Mayuri] You certainly took
your sweet time reporting this.
[Akon] I'm sorry, sir,
there have been minor
surges in the past,
but we've been
able to handle them
with some very
slight adjustments.
112 more Hollows
have just disappeared
from my sector!
Correct border intensity by
point-twenty-four degrees!
Third Seat Akon,
the Hollows are continuing
to disappear from the
World of the Living.
At this rate, if we
don't do something soon-
I am aware of that already.
Now if you have nothing
new to report, leave us.
Yes, sir.
(radar beeping)
[Akon] Captain, what do
you think it could be?
Isn't is obvious?
Something or someone is erasing
the very existence of Hollows.
Only they are capable of that.
(dramatic music)
(bracelet jingling)
(Zennosuke)All right,
out you get!
My work here is done,
it's up to you two now,
so try to get along
and focus on exterminating
Hollows, okay?
Fight them, not each other.
What was that, Shino?
Didn't you hear what he
just said about not fighting
with each other?
Then let's see a little
more confidence, Ryunosuke,
stop looking so nervous
and get a grip on yourself,
because like it not, we've
been assigned to this post.
You got it?
Yeah, yeah, I get it.
I'm just, you know, a
little worried, that's all.
[Shino] Oh, relax, will you?
You're with me.
Yeah, you're not what
I'm worried about.
I hear that Karakura
Town has a high incidence
or Hollow appearances.
I just wonder if I'm the
right person to be assigned
to a post like this.
And anyway, from what I heard,
this town already has a really
strong Substitute Soul Reaper
so I mean, what's the point
of me even being here, really?
Listen to yourself!
Would you try and stop
being a wuss for one second?
That's why they have two
of us stationed here now,
so we don't have to rely
on the Substitute
Soul Reaper as much.
Which means, they
recognize your abilities,
even if you don't.
I would've thought we'd be here
to support the
Substitute Soul Reaper,
not to fight instead of them.
That's the point I don't-
Shut up, will you?
I'll patrol the north side,
you take up the south, okay?
[Ryunosuke] Wait, we're
not patrolling together?
That would be a waste of time.
What's the point of
sending two of us then?
Or maybe you're scared,
is that what it is?
If it is, just say so, go ahead.
Okay then, I'm scared.
[Shino] You say that
like you're proud of it.
Unbelievable.
I'm through with you,
you're on your own.
Hey, wait!
(wind howling)
(horn honking)
(crows cawing)
That Shino, I told
her that I was scared,
and she still makes
me patrol alone.
Just please, don't let
any Hollows appear.
(objects clattering)
What was that?
(dramatic music)
(Ryunosuke screaming)
Come in, come in, Shino!
Shino, I found one!
(intense music)
Come on, come on, Shino.
Shino, where are you?
Why aren't you answering?
(Ryunosuke gasps)
(sword clatters)
I have to do this, it's
only the two of us here.
There's no one else to save
Shino, I have to do it.
What, no way, how?
Just from that one blow?
Am I really going to die?
No, no,
I don't want to die.
Huh?
There, now I've stabilized you.
And I'll be back to
finish healing you both
just as soon as this
business is over.
Okay then.
(intense music)
Let's get this over with.
(Hollows roaring)
♪♪ If you want to
see some action♪♪
♪♪ Gotta be the center
of attraction ♪♪
♪♪ Come out from the shadows,
it's your time ♪♪
♪♪ 'Cause tonight is the
night for everyone to see♪♪
There's so many of them.
How can they hope
to beat them all?
Shitenkoshun!
♪♪ This is what
you've waited for ♪♪
Evil spirit,
♪♪ and it's you that
they all adore ♪♪
I reject!
♪♪ So baby, now you feel
like number one ♪♪
♪♪ Shining bright for everyone ♪♪
♪♪ Living out your fantasy ♪♪
Brazo Iaquierdo, Del
Diablo, La Muerte!
(intense music)
♪♪ This is what you waited for ♪♪
♪♪ and it's you that
they all adore ♪♪
Licht Regen.
[Ichigo] Hey, watch it!
♪♪ Shining bright for everyone ♪♪
♪♪ Living out your fantasy ♪♪
No need to thank me.
What are you talking about?
You almost killed me, you idiot.
Oh, stop whining.
Amazing.
♪♪ Shining bright for everyone ♪♪
I'll handle the
rest of you myself.
Ban-kai!
Getsuga tensho!
(fire rumbling)
(electricity buzzing)
Who are you anyway?
Ichigo Kurosaki,
Substitute Soul Reaper.
Oh, good, you're awake.
Now get lost.
What?
Look what I've got,
fresh bread and pastries!
Oh, so you're finally
awake, thank goodness.
You sure that stuff
is actually fresh?
Those were all the leftovers
that didn't sale, right?
Fine, if you're gonna
be rude about it,
you won't get any.
She's right, you are being rude.
You enjoy her bread
more than anyone else,
so maybe you should stop
being so ungrateful.
I agree.
Hey, screw you.
What are you guys doing just
barging into my room anyway?
[Uryu] We met Yuzu
outside and she let us in.
Now how about you stop talking
and fetch us some plates?
[Ichigo] What?
Since when do I take
orders from you?
[Uryu] I'm not ordering you,
I'm just making a suggestion,
one that would be in
your interest to take.
Go to hell!
(Ryunosuke screams)
What are you screaming about?
You're the guy who
saved me last night.
If you just realized that now?
You really were out of it.
And for the record,
that was two days ago,
not last night.
Yeah, you were asleep
for over 24 hours.
It's been that long?
What about Shino?
Here, you're hungry, right?
Eat, we have plenty.
Thanks, but I-
[Ichigo] Yeah, I know,
you can't eat like that.
So climb into the gigai
suit next to you there.
Next to me?
(Ryunosuke screams)
Do you have to scream
all the damn time?
Why are you so scared of
your own gigai anyway?
It's not that, there's
just something else
I'm worried about
besides eating.
Where's Shino, is she all right?
I'm back.
Will these be enough
drinks for all of us?
Ryunosuke.
Oh, Shino, thank
goodness, you're alive.
You are so pathetic,
you know that?
Okay, let's eat.
I think that our guests might
like this yakisaba bread.
I'm gonna save it for him.
What, you don't like fish heads
and fins in your sandwich?
Hey, I forgot to ask your
name, kid, what is it?
I'm hardly a kid, but
allow me to answer,
I am Ebern.
Or is it my full
name you wanted?
Asguiaro Ebern.
Were there any other questions?
[Ichigo] I don't know
who the hell you are,
but get off my bed.
I'm sorry, I didn't quite
catch what you said.
Would you mind repeating that?
I said, I don't know
who the hell you are,
but get off my damn bed.
I thought that's what you-
So who was that guy?
From that mask, I'd
guess an Arrancar.
Whatever.
I'll teach him to put
his feet on my bed.
You don't have any
idea who that was?
Nope, absolutely none.
[Ebern] What the hell was that?
He just kicked me
without warning.
Hey!
I figure it's me
you're after, right?
Look, why don't we take
this somewhere else?
You think I'm here
because of you?
You're flattering yourself.
Why did you follow me?
You're curious about
who I am, right?
Not really.
So was Uryu right,
are you an Arrancar?
[Ebern] An Arrancar?
[Ichigo] Are you on your
own, or did someone send you?
What do you have to
gain from fighting me?
You have the nerve to
call me an Arrancar?
Whoa, touchy.
Wait, what are you
doing with a Quincy's?
What's the matter,
does something look familiar
to you, Ichigo Kurosaki?
[Yumichika] It's
true, nobody's here.
There's no way everyone in
the district could vanish
without it being noticed,
especially not with
our squad on watch.
That last report said
there were at least
a few villagers left here.
Which means that the
situation is getting worse.
[Soul Reaper]
Third Seat Madarame!
Fifth Seat Ayasegawa!
No luck, sir.
We've searched the whole area
and couldn't find a single
man, woman, or child.
[Yumichika] An entire
villager spirited away?
It's almost supernatural.
[Ikkaku] Don't be ridiculous.
I'm not buying that explanation.
[Soul Reaper 2] Sir?
What is it?
Did you find something else?
[Soul Reaper 2] Actually,
it's something you should see
for yourself.
These footprints,
they all come together
in this one spot then just stop.
You see what I'm
seeing, Yumichika?
I do.
These footprints were made by
either sandals or bare feet.
So it clearly wasn't
the work of Hollows.
It's hard to believe,
but the villagers
must've been abducted
by their own people.
What?
But why would they do that?
It's our job to find that out,
why do you think we're here?
Keep searching the area!
There may be other
clues to find.
[Soul Reapers] Yes, sir!
(dramatic music)
That is Sasakibe's lightning.
[Soul Reaper 3]
Head Captain, sir!
What is it you want?
[Ludaas] You are Shigekuni
Genryusai Yamamoto,
Head Captain of the 13 Court
Guard Squads, I presume.
A pleasure to meet you.
We have come to declare war.
(lasers whirring)
[Ichigo] That thing
he's carrying,
does that mean he's also a...
But it can't be.
That Hollow mask he's got on
is only worn by Arrancars.
[Ludaas] I must admit,
I was surprised.
This is the private
office of the Head Captain
of the 13th Court Guard Squads,
and yet it was so
easy to infiltrate.
Perhaps your attention to
security is a bit lacking.
I have nothing to fear.
I know I am here,
and there is no greater
security than that.
[Ludaas] I see.
Sasakibe!
[Ludaas] Don't mourn for him,
he deserves praise for
single handedly demonstrating
the fate that awaits
all you Soul Reapers.
Namely, a desperate,
hopeless struggle,
followed by a miserable death.
Five days from now,
the Soul Society
will be annihilated
by the Wandenreich.
-(glass shattering)
-(intense music)
That look in your eyes,
you must want to ask
us, who are you people?
And yet, you must know
that we would never
answer that question.
You should know
who we are by now.
Farewell.
Stop right there!
(fire rumbling)
(intense music)
[Ebern] What's the
matter, Ichigo Kurosaki?
Is dodging me the best you
an do with all your powers?
Pathetic!
[Ichigo] Strange, he seems
more interested in taunting me
than killing me.
[Ebern] At this rate, I
doubt you could beat me
even using your Bankai.
[Ichigo] Again with the taunts.
I still don't know who he is
or why he's attacking
me, but okay,
whoever you are,
I'll play along.
[Master Genryusai]
They're gone for now.
Master Genryusai,
there is something
something about this enemy
that you must know.
Ban-
[Ebern] Here it comes.
The enemy can-
[Ebern] Let me have
it, Ichigo Kurosaki.
Our Bankai, they can-
[Ebern] Your Bankai ends here!
Kai!
What is that?
(Ebern laughs)
Aufreide Meer eh wolken, wolken
eh regen, regen eh nebel.
Sieht balle eh um sieht ballen.
Wir gut freude, Danach
Vrund Dill Becher.
Now!
(intense music)
(Ichigo exclaiming)
Getsuga tensho!
No, impossible.
What is it that's keeping his
Bankai from disappearing?
[Ichigo] Now you're talking
about my Bankai disappearing?
Man, in the last five minutes,
I've come up with a ton of
questions I wanna ask you.
You are so coming with me.
Am I?
Oh, don't worry,
it isn't for you,
the shadow only
hides the chosen.
Dammit, what was that shadow?
It wasn't the Garganta
that the Arrancars use.
-(intense music)
-(singing in German)
If it isn't Ebern.
How commendable of you
to be waiting for me
with your head bowed down.
Fool!
As if I would ever bow
to a worm like you.
What was that?
Repeat those words.
Enough!
(Ludaas screaming)
Honestly, how many times
do I have to say it
to make you understand?
Do not argue while
you're in my presence.
You know how I dislike conflict.
Now then, tell me how our work
towards peace is progressing.
(closing theme song)
(singing in Japanese)
[Yhwach] Take one step
in, and never return.
The sea of blood
of the universe.
-(singing in Japanese)
-(closing theme song)